CC on Resources for OSPOs (#2045)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: CuratedContent/ResourcesforOSPO.md

# Resources for Open Source Program Offices

<!--deck text start-->
Are you starting an Open Source Program Office (OSPO) or want to ensure the success of an existing OSPO or an open source project? If so, checkout these resources to help.
<!--deck text end-->

#### Contributed by [Patricia Grubel](http://github.com/pagrubel)

#### Publication date: March 28, 2023

Resource information | Details
:--- | :---
Organization type  | Open Source Program Offices

> Websites  |  Github OSPO  - [Github site to enable success on github for new OSPOS](https://github.com/github/github-ospo)<br> OSPO Alliance - [Community Driven Open Source Good Governance](https://ospo-alliance.org/)<br>TODO Group - [Talk Openly Develop Openly, an open community for sharing knowledge for successful OSPOs](https://todogroup.org/)<br> Open Source Guides - [Guides for Open Source Projects](https://opensource.guide/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Websites  |  Github OSPO  - [Github site to enable success on GitHub for new OSPOS](https://github.com/github/github-ospo)<br> OSPO Alliance - [Community Driven Open Source Good Governance](https://ospo-alliance.org/)<br>TODO Group - [Talk Openly Develop Openly, an open community for sharing knowledge for successful OSPOs](https://todogroup.org/)<br> Open Source Guides - [Guides for Open Source Projects](https://opensource.guide/)
```

Focus | Success for Open Source Program Offices (OSPOs)

> In some organizations the governance and guidance for open source projects fall under the guize of an Open Source Program Office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some organizations the governance and guidance for open source projects falls under the purview of an Open Source Program Office.
```

Author: governance and guidance fall - so not accepting this change

The community is beginning to stand up resources to enable sharing knowledge and guidance for the creation and success of an OSPO.

> The resources outlined in this article will help an organization to create an OSPO and to aid in the success of existing OSPOs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resources outlined in this article will help organizations to create an OSPO and to aid in the success of existing OSPOs.
```

The resources are also useful for anyone who manages, maintains and or guides open source projects.
There are even resources for open source developers, especially in the [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/).

Github is one of the main sites for hosting open source projects.

> The purpose of [Github OSPO](https://github.com/github/github-ospo), a github site itself, is to help OSPOs be successful on github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of [Github OSPO](https://github.com/github/github-ospo), a GitHub site itself, is to help OSPOs be successful on GitHub.
```

I wasn't sure why GitHub was capitalized sometimes and not others. I may be missing something about its usage here though.

The site includes information about policies for releasing and publishing open source software, guides for repositories and much more.

[OSPO Alliance](https://ospo-alliance.org/) is an open community aimed at sharing knowledge and experience throughout the community. The alliance develops and maintains the OSS Good Governance Initiative (GGI) and hosts the GGI Handbook for setting up and managing OCPOs. The site includes upcoming OSPO OnRamp meetings and links to previously recorded meetings.

> The [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/) are numerous guides useful for anyone involved in open source projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide/) are various guides which will be helpful to anyone involved in open source projects.
```
